+++
# Exercise 2: Add a new file to the table of contents

Let’s continue by adding one additional step. Let’s add a file to the table of contents! the  contains a list of all the files to be shown in your book-website. Let’s add a file which is not in the table of contents yet!

:::{topic} Exercise objective
Test

Can you add the file named  to the book website?
:::

*   Go to the   -  directory of your GitHub repository and find the location of&#x20;
*   Go to the the file  on your GitHub repository -   -  -  - &#x20;
*   Add  as a second subpage under .  is the first subpage.

:::{admonition} Need some help?
I will try to break this as much as possible

Your  should look like

```
format: jb-book
root: intro.md

parts:
  - caption: Contents
    chapters:
    - file: some_content/overview.md
      sections:
      - file: some_content/text_and_code.ipynb
      - file: file_to_be_added_to_toc.md
    - file: exercises/exercises
      sections:
      - file: exercises/001.md
      - file: exercises/002.md
asdfasdfasdfasdf
      - file: exercises/003.md
      - file: exercises/004.md
      - file: exercises/005.md
      - file: exercises/006.md
    - file: references.md
    - file: changelog.md
    - file: credits.md
```
:::

*   Click&#x20;
*   Add a message and description of your change
*   Select  (this adds your change your change to the default version instead of making a new one)
*   Click what?????
*   Go to   - The most recent workflow run  - Wait for it to finish - In the summary, click on the link of your book shown in the table  and under  (getting bored of waiting? There’ll be exercising on doing this locally which prevents you from waiting)
*   Do you see your change? If you don’t see it click +/+to refresh the page.

:::{admonition} Check your understanding
Before moving on to the next exercise, make sure you understand the following:

Some things still don't render properly

*   Are all files in the repository added to the website?
*   What is the purpose of the  file?
*   What happens if a file is not listed in the ?
*   How can you verify that your changes to  were successful?
*   Does the structure of the  file need to match the directory structure of the repository?
:::